README.md, before:

# Calendar

##Description
This is a calendar application that will help it's user organize their schedule 
for the day, week, and month. The user will be able to add events with a 
name, duration, and category. 

## Intended Users

This application is meant to be used by a student from high school, 
university, or college. However, this application can also be used by any 
working/studying individual.

## My Interest

This project is of interest to me because this is an application I use 
personally use on a daily basis. The calender application I currently use
does not have certain functionality that would be very helpful to me. So,
I will be including features that are important to myself (and presumably 
other students).

## Types of Duration
- Within day (duration spans hours)
- All day (spans the entire day)
- Multi-day (spans multiple days)

## Categories
- Family
- School
- Work
- Friends
- Personal (personal time)

## Additional functionality:
- looping events (occur in a pattern such as everyday, every Monday,
every second week etc.)

Commit message:

Completed task 3 of deliverable 1. Added user stories to README.md file

README.md, after:

# Calendar

##Description
This is a calendar application that will help it's user organize their schedule 
for the day, week, and month. The user will be able to add events with a 
name, duration, and category. 

## Intended Users

This application is meant to be used by a student from high school, 
university, or college. However, this application can also be used by any 
working/studying individual.

## My Interest

This project is of interest to me because this is an application I use 
personally use on a daily basis. The calendar application I currently use
does not have certain functionality that would be very helpful to me. So,
I will be including features that are important to myself (and presumably 
other students).

## Types of Duration
- Within day (duration spans hours)
- All day (spans the entire day)
- Multi-day (spans multiple days)

## Categories
- Family
- School
- Work
- Friends
- Personal (personal time)

## User Stories 
- As a user, I want to be able to add an event to my calendar with a title, duration, and category
- As a user, I want to be able to view the calendar at different levels (day, week, month)
- As a user, I want to be able to select a day to see what events are planned
- As a user, I want to be able to filter which categories I can view
- As a user, I want to be able to edit the name, duration, and category of an event
- As a user, I want to be able to delete an event
- As a user, I want to be able to create a looping event (event occurs every day, every Wednesday,
every other week etc.)
